Add versioning info for AAS .net extension (#13006)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/azure_app_services.md

**Note**: Datadog automatic instrumentation relies on the .NET CLR Profiling API. This API allows only one subscriber (for example, APM). To ensure maximum visibility, run only one APM solution within your application environment.

> **Note**: Starting with version 2.3.0, the .Net extension doesn't rely on usual semantic versioning. Indeed, the extension will use the following scheme: `x.y.zAA` where `x.y.z` is the .Net Tracer version and `AA` is dedicated to the extension only. Also note that any leading 0 in `zAA` is trimmed by nuget packing so the version becomes `x.y.A`. Here are a few examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v2.3.0, the .NET extension no longer relies on semantic versioning. The extension uses the following scheme: `x.y.zAA` where `x.y.z` is the .Net Tracer version and `AA` is dedicated only to the extension. Any leading zeroes in `zAA` is trimmed by NuGet packaging so the version becomes `x.y.A`. 

For example:
```

> - Extension `2.3.0` uses the tracer `2.3.0`
> - Extension `2.3.1` uses the tracer `2.3.0`
> - Extension `2.3.2` uses the tracer `2.3.0`
> - Extension `2.3.100` uses the tracer `2.3.1`
> - Extension `2.3.101` uses the tracer `2.3.1`
> - Extension `2.3.200` uses the tracer `2.3.2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extension `2.3.0` uses the Tracer v`2.3.0`
- Extension `2.3.1` uses the Tracer v`2.3.0`
- Extension `2.3.2` uses the Tracer v`2.3.0`
- Extension `2.3.100` uses the Tracer v`2.3.1`
- Extension `2.3.101` uses the Tracer v`2.3.1`
- Extension `2.3.200` uses the Tracer v`2.3.2`
```
